**Privacy Policy**

LooKeR built the Howl Music app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by LooKeR at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

This app does not collect or share any sort of data/information of its user. No Internet Permission is asked/requested by the app.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Howl Music unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. And hence we do not request or use Internet permission so no sort of data breach or collection can happen due to any sort of issues from my side.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-05-31

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mohit2002ss@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
